>> Mung Daal: ♪ YOU TAKE THE
MOON, AND YOU TAKE THE SUN ♪
>> Chowder: ♪ YOU TAKE
EVERYTHING THAT SEEMS LIKE FUN ♪
>> Truffles: ♪ YOU STIR IT ALL
UP, AND WHEN YOU'RE DONE ♪
>> Shnitzel: ♪ RADDA RADDA RADDA
R‐R‐RADDA RADDA ♪
>> All: ♪ SO, COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
♪ COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
YEAH!
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> Chowder: [ SNORING ]
>> All: HAPPY APPRENTICE
APPRECIATION DAY, CHOWDER!
>> Chowder: [ GASPS ]
>> Mung Daal: DO YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS?!
>> Both: SLOBBERRY CA‐A‐A‐A‐KE!
>> Chowder: [ SHUDDERS ]
SLOBBERRY CAKE!
HOW I LOVE YOUR MOIST, CAKEY
GOODNESS,
WHO CAN RESIST THAT RICH, THICK,
SLOBBERRY TOPPING, DRENCHED ALL
OVER THOSE SWEET, PLUMP
SLOBBERRIES JUST BEGGING TO BE
EATEN?
>> All: EAT US! COME ON! DO IT!
>> Mung Daal: AND IN HONOR OF
TODAY, WE HAVE WRITTEN A POEM
JUST FOR YOU,
"CHOWDER, OH, CHOWDER, WE
APPRECIATE YOU,
CHOWDER ‐‐ LIKE BAKING POWDER,
OR A LOUD, SCREECHING SOUND THAT
GETS LOUDER AND LOUDER!"
[ CHUCKLES ]
>> Truffles: "LIKE BATTERIES
MAXED OUT TO THEIR FULL POWER,
OR IS IT LEMONS THAT ARE REALLY
SOUR?
OR A PRINCESS LOCKED AWAY IN A
TOWER, WITH NO SHOWER?"
>> Schnitzel: "RADDA RADDA RADDA
RADDA RADDA,
RADDA RADDA RADDA RADDA RADDA,"
>> All: "WE APPRECIATE YOU,
CHOWDER!"
>> Chowder: WOW! POETRY!
>> Mung Daal: WELL, I'M GLAD YOU
LIKED IT,
NOW LET'S ALL JET OVER TO THE
FARMER'S MARKET,
[ ENGINE IGNITES ]
[ BLAST! ]
[ PARTY HORNS BLARE ]
>> Chowder: SLOBBERRY CAKE!
SLOBBERRY CAKE!
EAT SO MUCH, YOU GET BELLYACHE!
>> Mung Daal: YO, GAZPACHO, MY
MAN, HIT ME UP WITH YOUR FINEST
SLOBBERRIES, A, S, A, P,
>> SLOBBERRIES, HUH?
OOH, LOOKS LIKE IT'S SOMEBODY'S
SPECIAL DAY TODAY,
THERE YOU GO, LITTLE BUDDY,
>> Chowder: THANKS, GAZPACHO,
WHAT IS IT?
>> IT IS A BABE MAGNET!
NEVER REALLY WORKED FOR ME, SO
I'M GIVING IT TO YOU,
NOT ‐‐ NOT THAT I EVER NEEDED IT
OR ANYTHING, YOU KNOW, 'CAUSE,
UH, OLD GAZPACHO SEES, UH, ,,
[ CHUCKLES ]
,, , PA‐LENTY OF ACTION,
[ SHOUTING, EXPLOSION ]
>> Chowder: GEE, THANKS!
[ WHIR! ]
>> Panini: HI, NUMNUMS,
>> Chowder: I'M NOT YOUR
BOYFRIEND!
GAZPACHO, THIS IS THE WORST GIFT
EVER!
>> WHOA! IT ACTUALLY WORKS?!
NO WAY! KID, LEMME TRY!
SUPERMODEL! SUPERMODEL!
COME ON, SUPERMODEL!
[ WHIR! ]
>> AHEM!
>> YES!
[ SQUEAK! SQUEAK! ]
OH, MY,
>> HELLO, PEASANTS!
I'M HERE JUST TO LET YOU KNOW
THAT I'M PUTTING ON AN EXCLUSIVE
SOIREE FOR MY APPRENTICE, AND
NONE OF YOU ARE INVITED,
[ LAUGHS ]
>> Panini: BUT YOU CAN COME IF
YOU WANT, CHOWDER,
>> Chowder: UM, I'LL HAVE TO
CHECK MY SCHEDULE,
MY DAYS ARE PRETTY PACKED WITH
AVOIDING YOU,
>> HEY, W‐WHAT ABOUT ME, HUH?
I'D BE HAPPY ‐‐ AM I INVITED?
HUH?! YEAH?!
DANCE AND STUFF,
I BET I AM, RIGHT?
>> NO,
>> Mung Daal: OH, YEAH, ENDIVE?
WELL, WE'RE ALSO HAVING A PARTY
OF OUR OWN FOR CHOWDER,
IT'LL BE TWICE AS BIG AND TWICE
AS AWESOMER AS YO‐O‐O‐O‐URS!
[ SLOOP! ]
>> Chowder: YEAH, AND THERE'S
GONNA BE SLOBBERRY CAKE, TOO!
>> [ LAUGHS ]
[ SNORTS ]
SLOBBERRY CAKE?!
YOU MUST REALLY APPRECIATE THAT
BOY, MUNG,
IF YOU'RE GOING TO SERVE HIM
THAT SLOP, YOU MIGHT AS WELL LET
HIM EAT MANU‐U‐U‐RE!
MANU‐U‐U‐U‐U‐U‐RE!
>> Chowder: [ GASPS ]
I GET TO EAT MANURE, TOO?!
>> WELL, IT'S OBVIOUS WHO CARES
MORE ABOUT THEIR APPRENTICE,
HAVE FUN AT YOUR, UH, PARTY,
[ CHUCKLES ]
>> Chowder: OH, WE WILL!
WE WILL!
RIGHT, MUNG?
>> Mung Daal: YEAH,
YEAH, I GUESS,
>> MANU‐U‐U‐U‐U‐U‐RE!
[ PARTY HORNS BLARE ]
>> Chowder: WHOA, WHAT'S ALL THE
HOOPLA FOR, MUNG?
>> Mung Daal: THIS YEAR, I'M
GOING BIG WITH A FOOD‐ANIMAL
CIRCUS,
WE'VE GOT PORK‐LOIN TAMERS, ,,
>> [ ROARS ]
[ WHIP CRACKS ]
>> Mung Daal:, ,, LEMON
MERENGUETANS, ,,
>> [ GRUNTS ]
>> Mung Daal:, ,,CANDY‐COATED
SNELEPHANTS, MAGIC SHOWS, ,,
>> OKAY, OKAY, OKAY,
I GOT IT! I GOT IT!
YOUR CARD IS THE 15 OF CLUBS!
>> NO,
>> THE 32 OF DIAMONDS!
>> THE 57 OF HEARTS?
>> NO,
>> [ GRUNTS ]
[ SHUFFLE! ]
MAGIC!
>> Mung Daal:, ,,FREAK SHOWS, ,,
>> Truffles: YES, VERY FUNNY,
NOW PREPARE TO DIE!
[ ROAR! ]
>> Mung Daal: NOW EVERYONE IN
THE WORLD WILL KNOW HOW MUCH I
APPRECIATE YOU,
>> Schnitzel: RADDA,
RADDA RADDA RADDA RADDA RADDA?
>> Mung Daal: OH, RIGHT,
THE ICE SCULPTURE,
UH, PUT IT IN THE FOYER,
>> Schnitzel: RADDA RADDA RADDA
RADDA!
>> Mung Daal: THEN BUILD A FOYER
TO PUT IT IN!
>> Chowder: SO, WHEN DO I GET MY
SLOBBERRY CAKE, MUNG?!
>> Mung Daal: SLOBBERRY CAKE?!
UH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
SIMPLE, BORING SLOBBERRY CAKE
ISN'T GONNA WORK THIS TIME,
YOU DESERVE THE BEST,
>> Chowder: BUT I LIKE SLOBBERRY
CAKE,
>> Mung Daal: NO!
YOU ARE WAY TOO SPECIAL FOR
THAT,
>> Chowder: NO, I'M NOT!
I PROMISE!
>> Mung Daal: YES, YOU ARE,
>> Chowder: NO, I'M NOT!
>> Mung Daal: YES, YOU ARE!
NOT EVERYONE HAS GOT THEIR OWN
WEIRD SHOW NAMED AFTER THEM,
>> Chowder: YEAH, WELL, THAT'S
TRUE,
THIS SHOW IS WEIRD,
>> Mung Daal: NOW, PLEASE,
CHOWDER, I'VE GOT TO FINISH
ORDERING SCHNITZEL AROUND,
SCHNITZEL? YOU THERE?
WHERE ARE MY SWANS? OVER,
I SPECIFICALLY ASKED FOR 5,000
SWANS TO BE HERE AN HOUR AGO!
OVER,
LOOK, THIS IS CHOWDER'S PARTY,
AND I CAN'T LET HIM DOWN!
OVER,
>> Schnitzel: RADDA RADDA RADDA!
RADDA RADDA RADDA RADDA!
OVER,
>> Mung Daal: SOLD OUT?!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN THEY'RE SOLD
OUT?!
WHO WOULD BUY 5,000 SWANS?!
OVER,
>> TELL MOMMY YOU LOVE HER!
[ SWANS SQUAWKING ]
>> Panini: OW!
THEY'RE HURTING ME!
>> YES, YES,
EVERYTHING IS ARRANGED, PANINI,
PEOPLE WILL BE TALKING ABOUT
YOUR PARTY FOR CENTURIES!
>> Panini: HONESTLY, I'LL BE
HAPPY AS LONG AS MY
SNUGGLEBUMPKIN SCHNOOKAMOOKUMS
IS THERE,
>> WHAT ON EARTH IS
SNUGGLEBUMPKIN SCHNOOKAMOOKUMS?
>> Panini: CHOWDER!
>> CHOWDER?!
OH! YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS!
[ CHUCKLES ]
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
>> Panini: YES,
>> YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS!
THAT BOY IS SO, ,, DIRTY!
YOU'RE MUCH TOO GOOD FOR HIM,
THAT IS WHY I INVITED CARSON,
>> GREETINGS,
>> CARSON IS CAPTAIN OF BOTH THE
WATER‐POLO TEAM AND THE LACROSSE
TEAM,
AND NOT TO MENTION HE HAS AN MBA
FROM SCHMINCETON,
HE'LL MAKE A FINE SUITOR, DON'T
YOU THINK?
>> Panini: BUT I DON'T LIKE
CARSON!
HE'S TOO REALISTIC‐LOOKING!
I WANT CHOWDER!
>> WHOA, BUMMER,
>> LOOK, PANINI, I DON'T HAVE
TIME FOR ONE OF YOUR MOODS RIGHT
NOW,
>> Panini: FINE, THEN,
I'M GOING FOR A WALK,
>> UH, SO WHO'S DOWN FOR SOME
WAKEBOARDING?
>> Chowder: YOU KNOW, KIMCHI, I
THOUGHT TODAY WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
A REALLY FUN DAY, BUT, NAH,
INSTEAD, I GET THAT GUY,
>> HAPPY APPRENTICE APPRECIATION
DAY!
HAPPY! HAPPY! HAPPY!
>> Panini: CHOWDER, IS THAT YOU?
>> [ PURRS ]
[ BLABBERS ]
[ SLAM! ]
>> Panini: SO, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING OUT HERE BY THE DOCKS?
>> Chowder: NOTHING,
JUST FEEDING BREAD CRUMBS TO
LITTLE OLD LADIES,
>> All: [ SCREAMING ]
>> Chowder: BY THE WAY, I'M NOT
YOUR BOYFRIEND,
>> Panini: WHAT'S WRONG,
CHOWDER?
YOU SEEM DOWN,
>> Chowder: OH, IT'S MUNG,
HE WON'T LISTEN TO ME,
I DON'T NEED A BIG, ELABORATE
PARTY,
I'M NOT A BIG‐PARTY KIND OF GUY,
I MEAN, IT TAKES ME HOURS TO GET
READY,
I HAVEN'T GOTTEN MY NAILS DONE
OR MY HAIR DID, AND NOT TO
MENTION I DON'T EVEN HAVE A NICE
COCKTAIL DRESS TO WEAR,
SOMETHING STRAPLESS WOULD HAVE
BEEN NICE,
I JUST WANT SLOBBERRY CAKE,
>> Panini: ALL I WANTED WAS FOR
YOU TO COME TO MY PARTY,
BUT ENDIVE SAID YOU WERE TOO
DIRTY,
>> Chowder: WHY WOULD SHE SAY
THAT?
>> Panini: NEITHER OF US REALLY
GOT WHAT WE WANTED,
MAYBE WE'RE NOT THAT SPECIAL,
AFTER ALL,
>> Chowder: [ SIGHS ]
WE BOTH COULD USE SOME SERIOUS
CHEERING UP,
>> HAPPY APPRENTICE APPRECIA‐‐
>> Chowder: NOT BY YOU!
>> Mung Daal: NO, NO, NO, NO,
YOU'RE DOING IT ALL WRONG,
LET ME SHOW YOU,
IT GOES LIKE THIS,
[ WHOOSH! WHOOSH! ]
[ BOING! BOING! ]
[ WHIRL! ]
[ SLOOP! ]
[ CLANG! ]
[ WHIRL! ]
>> Truffles: WHAT'S GOING ON IN
HERE?!
AND WHY AM I ALWAYS CATCHING YOU
IN TIGHTS?!
>> Mung Daal: I'M JUST SHOWING
THE DANCERS THE ROUTINE FOR THE
BIG STAGE SHOW I'M PUTTING ON
FOR CHOWDER,
IT'S CALLED "CHOWDER!"
BY THE WAY, WHERE IS HE?
WE NE HIM FOR THE FINALE,
>> Truffles: THAT'S WHAT I CAME
TO TELL YOU!
HE'S GONE MISSING!
I CHECKED THE BATHROOM, THE
KITCHEN, THE BEDROOM, THE
BATHROOM, THE GARDEN, THE
BATHROOM, THE ATTIC, THE
BATHROOM, THE BASEMENT, THE
BATHROOM ‐‐
>> Mung Daal: WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
WAIT, WAIT!
DID YOU CHECK THE BATHROOM?
>> Truffles: YES!
AND HE ISN'T IN THERE!
HE ISN'T IN THERE!
>> Mung Daal: THEN LET'S FIND
OUR BOY!
OH, WAIT! HERE HE IS!
>> HELLO, PAPA,
>> Truffles: THAT'S NOT CHOWDER,
>> Mung Daal: OH, YEAH,
YOU LIED TO ME!
LET'S FIND CHOWDER!
CHOWDER?! WHERE ARE YOU?!
WE'VE BEEN SEARCHING FOR HOURS,
AND THERE'S BEEN NO SIGN OF HIM,
>> Truffles: WAIT, THERE'S ONE,
>> ♪ LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA,
LA ♪
>> Mung Daal: IS HE A FRIEND OF
YOURS, SCHNITZEL?
>> Schnitzel: RADDA, ,,
RADDA,
>> Mung Daal: OH, W‐WAIT A
MINUTE!
I FORGOT!
JUST IN CASE SOMETHING LIKE THIS
HAPPENED, I HAD HIM BUGGED!
>> HE'S OVER HERE!
YO! I FOUND HIM!
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, THERE YOU
ARE!
[ GASPS ]
YOU HAD US ALL WORRIED!
LOOK, I'M SORRY!
IT'S JUST I GOT SO DANG EXCITED
ABOUT GIVING YOU THE BEST
APPRENTICE APPRECIATION DAY EVER
THAT I FORGOT THE MOST IMPORTANT
THING, AND THAT'S YOU, THE
APPRENTICE!
>> Truffles: THAT'S NOT CHOWDER!
>> HELLO, PAPA!
>> Chowder: [ SNIFFLES ]
THAT WAS SO SWEET!
SWEET LIKE CANDY,
>> Panini: CHOWDER, ARE YOU
CRYING?
>> Chowder: NO! ONLY GIRLS CRY!
MEN WEEP!
I REALIZE NOW THAT I DON'T NEED
CAKE TO FEEL APPRECIATED, EVEN
THOUGH THAT WOULD BE, LIKE, SO
AWESOME!
I'VE GOT YOU GUYS,
>> Mung Daal: THAT'S TOO BAD,
CHOWDER, 'CAUSE I GUESS NOW, ,,
THIS WILL HAVE TO GO TO WASTE!
>> Truffles: OH, GREAT, YOU GOT
CHEST HAIR ALL OVER THE CAKE!
>> Chowder: [ GASPS ]
SLOBBERRY CAKE!
YOU W LISTENING TO ME THIS
WHOLE TIME!
>> Mung Daal: YEAH, WELL, MAYBE
JUST A LITTLE BIT,
[ VACUUM WHIR! ]
>> Chowder: THIS IS THE BEST
APPRENTICE APPRECIATION DAY
EVER!
>> Panini: HOW'S YOUR CAKE?
>> Chowder: HERE, TRY SOME,
BLECH!
THERE YOU GO,
[ RUMBLE! ]
>> Truffles: IT'S THE BIG ONE!
>> PANINI, I'VE BEEN LOOKING
EVERYWHERE FOR ‐‐ AAH!
[ ALL GASP ]
THAT'S IT, PANINI!
WE'RE HEADING HOME THIS INSTANT!
WE HAVE GUESTS WAITING AT YOUR
PARTY,
>> Panini: NO, I'M NOT GOING
UNLESS CHOWDER GOES!
YOU SAID HE COULDN'T GO BECAUSE
HE WAS DIRTY,
NOW HE'S CLEAN,
>> Chowder: [ SNIFFS ]
>> FINE!
>> I CAN COME TOO, RIGHT?
I MEAN, HUH? CAN I?
THAT'S COOL, RIGHT?
>> Panini: YAY!
THIS IS THE BEST APPRENTICE
APPRECIATION DAY EVER!
MWAH!
>> Chowder: AAH! NO! STOP!
GROSS! GROSS! GROSS!
>> Mung Daal: WELL, CHOWDER, I
GUESS YOU CAN'T HAVE YOUR CAKE
AND EAT IT, TOO!
[ ALL LAUGH ]
>> Chowder: WAIT,
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, MY BOY,
TODAY IS A VERY PROUD DAY FOR
ME,
TODAY YOU TAKE YOUR FIRST STEP
TOWARD MANHOOD BY BECOMING A
SEASONED GRAPE PICKER,
I REMEMBER MY FIRST DAYS
GRABBING GRAPES,
BEHOLD, OLD SADIE,
MARZIPAN CITY'S OLDEST GRAPE
VINE,
>> Chowder: GOLLY, IT'S TALLER
THAN SHNITZEL, AND HE'S TALL!
>> Mung Daal: YES, YES, HE IS,
OLD SADIE HERE HAS SUCH
HIGH‐QUALITY GRAPES THAT, WHEN
HELD TO THE LIGHT, THEY REVEAL A
PERFECT BALANCE OF THE BEAUTY
AND ‐‐ WORMS?!
[ GAGS ]
THAT FILTHY SHRUB HAS WORMS!
WORMS!
[ CHATTER! ]
NOBODY GO NEAR IT!
[ WHOOSH! ]
[ GULP! ]
[ BURPS LOUDLY ]
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, WHAT HAVE
YOU DONE?!
STAY ‐‐ STAY WITH ME, BOY!
STAY WITH ME!
[ RATTLE! ]
>> Chowder: WHY ARE YOU FREAKING
OUT, MUNG?
I FEEL FI‐‐
[ RUMBLING! ]
[ GRUNTING ]
>> AAH!
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BOTH SCREAM ]
[ THUD! ]
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, YOU'VE
GIVEN YOURSELF A GRAPE WORM!
>> OH, GOSH!
YOU ATE THE GRAPE, AND I GREW SO
FAST INSIDE YOU, AND I CAME OUT,
AND UGH!
>> Chowder: DID I JUST HAVE A
BABY?
>> OH, THAT IS RUDE!
NO, I'M NOT A BABY!
>> Chowder: ARE YOU A HERNIA?
>> NO! CAN'T BE A HERNIA!
THAT'S CRAZY!
>> Chowder: THEN YOU MUST BE MY
INNER VOICE,
>> WHAT?
>> Mung Daal: UH, WE GOT TO GO
TO THE DOCTORS RIGHT AWAY AND
GET THAT THING OUT OF YOU,
>> I HEAR THEY MAKE YOU SIT ON
POTTY PAPER AND THAT THEIR
HANDS, THEY SMELL LIKE PASTRAMI,
NO, THANK YOU!
>> Chowder: YOU KNOW, MUNG,
SOMETHING IS TELLING ME NOT TO
GO TO THE DOCTOR,
>> Mung Daal: YEAH,
IT'S THAT WORM!
>> Chowder: NO, IT'S AS IF A
SMALL VOICE INSIDE OF ME IS
SAYING, "IT'S A BAD IDEA,"
I CAN ALMOST HEAR IT RIGHT NOW,
[ FARTS ]
>> OH, GOSH! WHAT WAS THAT?!
>> Chowder: MY INNER VOICE IS
WORRIED, MUNG, AND IF THERE'S
ONE THING YOU'VE TAUGHT ME, IT'S
TO TRUST MY INNER VOICE,
[ GIGGLING ]
MY INNER VOICE TICKLES MY
SPLEEN,
>> DON'T RUN SO FAST!
>> Chowder: HEY, MUNG,
>> Mung Daal: IS THE WORM GONE?
>> Chowder: I DON'T KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT NO WORM, BUT I TOOK YOUR
ADVICE AND WENT TO THE DOCTOR,
>> Mung Daal: OH, THANK HEAVENS,
>> Chowder: SEE?
DR, PHOTOGRAPHY'S ONE‐HOUR
DRAMATIC FAMILY PORTRAIT OFFICE,
>> OH, NO WAY,
YOU SEE, SOMEBODY SHOULD TAKE
AWAY THEIR LICENSE BECAUSE THEY
DO NOT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING,
THEY TAKE PICTURES FROM THE BAD
SIDE,
EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT, ,,
>> Mung Daal: GET THAT THING OUT
OF MY KITCHEN!
I RUN A SANITARY SHOP, KIDDO!
>> Shnitzel: RADDA‐CHOO!
>> Mung Daal: NOT HELPING,
SHNITZEL,
>> Chowder: MUNG, MY INNER VOICE
IS A PART OF ME, A PART NAMED
JAM, AND IF YOU DON'T ACCEPT
JAM, WELL, THEN, I GUESS YOU
DON'T REALLY ACCEPT ME,
ACCEPT ME FOR ME, MUNG, JAM AND
ALL,
ACCEPT ME!
>> Mung Daal: [ GRUNTING ]
>> WHAT YOU LOOKING AT?
>> Mung Daal: OKAY, FINE,
>> Chowder: [ GIGGLES ]
>> Mung Daal: YOU CAN HELP ME
FINISH MAKING THIS GABBLES
GRAVY,
>> MM‐HMM,
OKAY, WELL, ,,
>> YOU BETTER NOT GET ME
STARTED, 'CAUSE I'LL SMACK ‐‐
I‐I SWEAR, I WILL DO SOMETHING
CRAZY,
>> [ SIGHS ]
IT'S LIKE ALL THEY KNOW HOW TO
DO IS COMPLAIN!
MNH‐MNH‐MNH!
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, IF THAT
THING'S GONNA BE IN MY KITCHEN,
IT'S GONNA HAVE TO STAY QUIET
WHILE YOU AND I COOK,
>> Chowder: SHUSH, JAM,
SHUSH, NOW,
>> Mung Daal: WE ADD TWO EGGS,
>> OH, NO, HE DIDN'T!
HE JUST DROPPED TWO EGGS RIGHT
IN THERE!
EGGS FALL FROM THE REAR ENDS OF
OVERWEIGHT POULTRY!
>> Mung Daal: QUIET, YOU!
>> OH, GET THAT SPOON OUT OF MY
FACE!
>> Mung Daal: HEY, CHOWDER,
COULD YOU PASS ME THE SALT,
BEHIND YOU?
>> DID YOU ‐‐
>> Mung Daal: [ GROWLS ]
>> [ WARBLE! ]
>> Chowder: ONE SALT COMING
RIGHT UP!
[ ZIP! ]
>> [ WHISPERING ]
>> Chowder: I'M SORRY, MUNG,
JAM DOESN'T THINK IT'S A GOOD
IDEA,
>> Mung Daal: OH,
LET'S JUST SKIP AHEAD,
I NEED YOU TO, ,,
[ WHISPERING ]
>> SPEAK UP SO I CAN HEAR YOU!
>> Mung Daal: [ SMOOCH! ]
AAH! AAH! OOH!
>> AND BY THE WAY, YOUR FRIEND
KISSED ME, AND THEN HE RAN AWAY,
>> Chowder: EH, HE'S JUST SHY,
DON'T WORRY, JAM,
MUNG MAY NOT LIKE YOU, BUT
GAZPACHO WILL!
HE LIKES EVERYONE!
>> WHAT A POLITE YOUNG MAN TO
ADD TWO PIECES OF FRUIT AT NO
CHARGE,
>> I GUESS, THANK YOU,
COME ‐‐ COME AGAIN!
DON'T GET EXCITED,
THAT WAS AN ACCIDENT, BUT
CONGRATULATIONS, YOU OLD BAG,
YOU'RE NOW DEAD TO ME,
>> Chowder: HEY, GAZPACHO!
>> WHAT?
HE‐‐ OH, HEY, LITTLE BUDDY!
>> EW, I SMELL WET FUR,
>> AAH!
>> Chowder: GAZPACHO, MEET JAM,
HE'S MY INNER VOICE,
>> HUSH!
>> OH, GOSH! HE GOT NO FINGERS!
>> GET THAT THING OUT OF HERE
BEFORE YOU SCARE ALL MY
CUSTOMERS AWAY!
>> CUSTOMERS?
OH, THIS COVERS MY FEARS OF
STRANGERS, CROWDS, AND SHOPPERS!
IT'S A TRIPLE THREAT!
AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH!
>> GAZPACHO'S GOT A GRAPE WORM
AT A FRUIT STAND!
DIRTY FRUIT! DIRTY FRUIT!
>> YES, AND HE MADE THIS BABY
CRY!
>> NOW YOU'VE DONE IT!
GET HIM!
>> CHOWDER, I KNOW YOU DIDN'T
MEAN TO, BUT YOU JUST RUINED MY
CAREER!
DOOMSDAY HAS ARRIVED!
[ BUZZ! ]
[ AIR HISSES ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
>> CHOWDER, UNTIL YOU GET RID OF
THAT WORM, YOU WILL BURN BRIDGES
IN THE WORLD ‐‐ BURN BRIDGES!
>> OH, NO, YOU ARE BETTER OFF
WITHOUT HIM, GIRL,
THAT GUY WAS DANGEROUS, AND I
COULD ‐‐ I COULD TELL BY HIS
EYES, LIFELESS EYES, LIKE A
DOLL'S EYES,
>> Chowder: [ SIGHS ]
[ POP! ]
[ PLOP! ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ POP! DING! ]
[ POP! ]
>> ALL THOSE EXCESS CARBS ARE
GONNA GO RIGHT TO YOUR BUTT,
[ SLOOP! ]
[ WARBLE! ]
[ SIGHS ]
NOW THAT'S MORE LIKE IT,
HEY, CHOWDER, BE A SWEETHEART,
AND TURN UP MY HUMIDIFIER, WOULD
YOU?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
SLOW DOWN THERE, NINJA HANDS!
OH, THAT'S JUST SOMETHING
WONDERFUL,
>> Chowder: JAM, I ‐‐
>> AAH, WHAT DID I TELL YOU
ABOUT TALKING?!
YOU BREATHE GERMS WHEN YOU TALK!
[ GAGS ]
GOSH, YOU SCARED THE RETAINER
RIGHT OUT OF MY MOUTH!
>> Chowder: BUT, JAM, I GOT TO,
YOU KNOW, MAKE, WELL, A POO,
>> THAT'S THE WORST THING YOU
HAVE EVER SAID TO ME,
I WOULD LIKE AN APOLOGY,
>> Chowder: BUT I GOT TO GO!
>> OH, HEAVENS NO!
YOU SHOULD KNOW BETTER THAN
THAT!
WHO RAISED YOU?
TWO BOYS CAN'T GO TO THE POTTY
TOGETHER AT THE SAME TIME!
YOU GOT TO GET USED TO IT
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T POO EVER
AGAIN!
EVER AGAIN!
EVER AGAIN,
Ever again,
>> Chowder: JAM, SINCE YOU'RE MY
INNER VOICE, I RESPECT YOU AND
ALL, BUT YOU DON'T LET ME EAT
ANYTHING, YOU'VE MADE ALL MY
FRIENDS AVOID ME, AND YOU WON'T
LET ME POO!
MAYBE IT'D BE BETTER IF WE
SEPARATED FOR A WHILE?
>> OH, CHOWDER, LOOK, I KNOW
YOU'RE AN ABOMINATION ‐‐
EVERYONE DOES ‐‐ BUT I FORGIVE
YOU, AND I AM WILLING TO CHANGE
YOU,
NOT LIKE A BABY, BUT I'M WILLING
TO CHANGE YOU BECAUSE YOU ARE
VERY LUCKY TO HAVE ME HERE,
CHOWDER, ESPECIALLY WITH ALL
THOSE HIGH RISK FACTORS YOU PUT
ME THROUGH,
NIGHT, NIGHT,
IT'S TIME TO GO INSIDE YOUR
BELLY,
>> Chowder: [ WEEPS ]
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO LIVE MY
LIFE WHEN MY INNER VOICE THINKS
EVERYTHING I DO IS TOO
DANGEROUS?
"TOO DANGEROUS"!
THAT'S IT!
>> WHERE THE ‐‐ WHERE ARE WE?
THIS IS NOT THE FABRIC STORE,
>> Chowder: NOPE,
IT'S SOMEWHERE BETTER,
>> A BA‐BA‐BA‐BA‐BA‐BA!
WHOA, WE ARE AT THE FOOTHILLS,
WHERE GRAPES GET STOMPED INTO
JUICE,
DID YOU KNOW THAT?
[ MID‐TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS ]
>> Chowder: WOW!
THAT SOUNDS, ,, DANGEROUS!
LIKE SO DANGEROUS YOU'D WANT TO
LEAVE MY BODY?
[ TEMPO INCREASES ]
>> UH, CHOWDER, WHY IS THE MUSIC
SOUNDING LIKE IT'S GONNA GET ALL
ENERGETIC?
[ WHOOSH! ]
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
>> Chowder: I'M GOING!
IT'S THE, ,,ONLY WAY!
[ SQUISH! ]
>> [ SCREAMS ]
LOOK OUT!
>> Chowder: IT'S OKAY!
YOU CAN LEAVE NOW!
>> WATCH AHEAD! HOLD MY ARM!
>> Chowder: THIS WASN'T A GREAT
IDEA AT ALL!
WE'RE GONNA DIE!
WHY DIDN'T YOU TALK ME OUT OF
THIS?!
>> 'CAUSE I DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT
IT!
[ BOTH SCREAM ]
>> THAT'S IT!
YOU'RE A CRAZY PERSON!
[ BOING! ]
[ SPROING! ]
>> Chowder: HE'S GONE!
I'M FREE! I'M FREE!
[ GASPS ]
>> [ SCREAMING ]
[ BOING! BOING! BOING! BOING! ]
>> Chowder: HANG ON, JAM!
>> [ SCREAMING ]
>> Chowder: N‐O‐O‐O‐O‐O‐O‐O!
GO ON, JAM! RUN!
>> I DON'T WANT TO DIE!
[ CRACK! ]
>> CHOWDER!
CHOWDER, WHAT HAS GOTTEN INTO
YOU?!
>> Chowder: I THINK IT'S MORE
ABOUT WHAT JUST CAME OUT OF ME,
JAM, YOU ARE MY INNER VOICE, AND
WHILE I RESPECT YOU, WE'RE JUST
TWO DIFFERENT PEOPLE,
I'M A LITTLE BIT COUNTRY,
>> AND I'M A LITTLE BIT ROCK '
ROLL, CHOWDER,
LOOK, I NOW SEE THAT AFTER ALL
THIS TROUBLE THAT YOU WENT
THROUGH THAT YOU ARE A
PSYCHOPATH!
Shush, child!
DON'T MAKE THIS HARDER THAN IT
ALREADY IS FOR US,
AND I TRULY BELIEVE THAT THERE
IS A WORM OUT THERE WHO WILL
APPRECIATE YOU AS MUCH AS I
HAVE,
OH, MY GOSH! WHAT WAS THAT?!
DID YOU SEE THAT?!
EVERYTHING WAS, LIKE, DARK!
IT WAS A GIANT ME, BUT, LIKE,
SEE‐THROUGH!
ANYWAYS, WE BOTH MOVE TOO FAST,
TOO SOON,
LET'S JUST BE HAPPY WE DIDN'T
GET TO A POINT WHERE WE ‐‐
>> Chowder: FINISH EACH OTHER'S
SENTENCES,
>> OH, CHOWDER,
YOU'LL ALWAYS HAVE A SMALL PIECE
OF ME INSIDE OF YOUR HEART,
>> Chowder: I KNOW, JAM,
>> NO, FOR REAL, BECAUSE I LAID
EGGS,
NOW, COME ON,
SEND ME OFF ON THE NEXT AUTUMN
GUST AND NEVER LOOK BACK!
[ WIND GUSTS ]
BYE‐BYE, CHOWDER!
GOODBYE!
WHEE!
>> Chowder: JAM, I KNOW YOU'LL
FIND A BETTER PLACE,
>> OH, NO, NOT YOU,
NOT YOU!
GET ‐‐ GET OFF OF ME!
AAH! YOU!
[ Crying ] GET OUT OF ME!
>> HALT!
NO ONE SHALL ENTER THE CASTLE
WITHOUT THE PASSWORD!
>> AH! 'TIS MAYONNAISE!
>> WRONG!
>> IT ISN'T?
HOW ABOUT GORDIKIO?
[ BUZZ! ]
THUMBS?
CARBURETOR?
BLUNGENFLUTE?
AW, MAN! I CAN'T REMEMBER!
CAN'T YOU JUST LET ME THROUGH?
>> MOTHER ALWAYS SAYS, "PEOPLE
HAVE PASSWORDS FOR A REASON ‐‐
TO KEEP THE FREELOADERS OUT,"
>> WELL, DO YOU KNOW THE
PASSWORD?
>> SURE DO,
IT IS CORSAGE,
>> CORSAGE!
[ DING! DING! DING! DING! ]
>> EH, YOU, ,,
FINE, COME THROUGH,
[ NEIGH! ]